Update fiddler agent to replace deprecated v2 APIs with faster v3 APIs (ECOINT-84) (#2592)
DataDog/integrations-extras: fiddler/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - fiddler

## 4.0.0 / 2025-01-28

***Changed***:

> * Changed to using v3 queries and metrics APIs. ([#2582](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2582))

Reviewer: Let's update the PR to the current PR number.

> ***Changed***:
> 
> * Changed to using v3 queries and metrics APIs. ([#2592](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2592))
> * Updated configuration/spec.yaml to make the integration more configurable. ([#2592](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2592))
> 
> ***Deprecated***:
> 
> * Old metric names and v1compat flag in config are deprecated. ([#2592](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2592))
> 
> ***Added***:
> 
> * Added new metric names to metadata. ([#2592](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2592))
> * Added new dashboard to work with the new metric names. ([#2592](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2592))
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
***Changed***:

* Migrated to v3 queries and metrics APIs
* Updated configuration/spec.yaml to make the integration more configurable
* Deprecated old metric names and the v1compat flag in configuration

***Added***:

* Introduced new metric names
* Added a new dashboard to support the new metric names

```

Reviewer 2: Are you adding new metrics, renaming metrics, or both?

Author: Just adding new metric names and deprecating few old ones.

Reviewer 2: Ok thanks for clarifying. Let's keep the deprecation note under ***Changed***

Author: Updated.
